User Stories
As a college student, I want to easily navigate and use the app on my phone, so I can explore items and trade items wherever I am.
As a user, I want a simple, easy to understand experience when setting up my profile and listing items, so I can quickly get started 
without needing extensive explanations or lots of time.
As a user, I want things like item images, buttons, and text to automatically resize and adjust spacing based on my device’s screen size,
so I can view listings and details clearly without needing to zoom or scroll excessively.
As a user, I want an interactive and dynamic search feature that filters items in real time as I type, so I can quickly find items I’m 
interested in without needing to reload the page or wait an extensive amount of time.
As a user, I want to see items listed with accurate details and user information that is pulled from a relational database, so I can trust 
that the item descriptions, availability, and user reviews are reliable and up-to-date.


Evelyn: As a college student who has lots of old textbooks and is still living on campus, 
I need to find someone who is interested in my textbooks so that I can clear up space and get something in return.

Landon: As an upperclassman moving off campus for the next school year, I need to get rid of my mini fridge
so that I don't have to take it with me to my new living arrangements.

Musa: As a college student in the dorms without much disposable money, I'm lookin for cool 
items that I could potentially trade my playstation for so that I can spice up my room.

Katelin: As a college student who doesn't have easy access to transportation, I need to find people around
my campus interested in getting rid of furniture so that I can furnish my apartment without having to find a ride
As a busy college student, I need to be able to quickly navigate the site and save items I'm interested
in for future inspection so that I can manage my time more efficiently

Sam: As someone who often forgets what I need, I frequently have to update my list of items. I also need to 
regularly change the list of items I’m willing to trade.

Souad: As a college student with a tight budget, I need to be able to search for specific items within my price range on a campus marketplace, 
so I can find affordable deals without spending too much time browsing.
